[dramatic music]
[Will] I'm going to make
a traditional ivrulik.
We're in one of the most
desolate climates on Earth.
You're not going
to survive a winter
without a strong shelter.
All right.
A dead squirrel over there.
♪
[thudding]
What the [bleep]?
That's embarrassing.
♪
Wow.
That moose will live
for another day.
[popping]
- What was that?
Oh. [bleep].
My ferro rod's on fire.
- Bow and drill
is not one of my best skills.
♪
[sighs]
I'm in the Arctic.
I gotta have fire.
- Come up.
- [grunts]
[bleep]
♪
- Fire!
[David] This is David Booth.
I'm officially tapping out.
♪
[dramatic music]
[Will] OK. I've been working
hard on this ivrulik.
and my feet.
they're just getting hot.
They're getting hot
and they're getting stinky.
And one of the things that
we've done traditionally.
when that happens. when you
get hot and stinky feet.
is you put ptarmigan feathers
in your boot.
And in this case.
I'll use my grouse feathers.
Oof. stinks.
Take our boots here.
Got some clean.
non-wet feathers.
and we'll just stick them
in the boot.
Just like that.
We'll stick those in there
and push them towards the end.
OK. I think that'll do.
All right.
That should take the stench out
of my boot and out of my socks.
♪
Ukalliatchiaq translates
to snowshoe hare
in the Iñupiaq
Kobuk River dialect.
So...
winter is coming.
The Iñupiaq language.
it's an endangered language.
There's upwards of 20.000
of us in the world.
And I feel like
the Iñupiaq way of life
is just kind of fading away
with the technology
that we're given.
So I'm looking for new signs
of game on the riverbank here.
I'm not seeing any.
We've definitely had
a bump up in technology
in Kotzebue
in the last ten years.
The phone just started
to come out.
High-tech video game system
just started to come out.
And so I'm seeing a lot of
kids just want to stay home
and do those types of things.
You don't even see as many
children playing out anymore.
They want to be like
the people that they're seeing
on their tablets and phones
and TVs and all that.
And that's not
the Iñupiaq people.
It's tough to see.
[rustling]
Nothing in here today.
I had one right here.
Took the whole wire with it.
Damn.
Moose. possibly.
So let's be quiet.
Let's check the next one.
♪
Beautiful.
beautiful. beautiful.
Caught a rabbit.
Caught a ukalliatchiaq.
[speaking Iñupiaq]
Oh. man.
Much needed.
Got him.
Yes. we're eating.
Eating good. eating good.
That's a lot of meat compared
to what I got right now.
This is going to last me
a few more days.
Getting closer
to gill net time.
Beautiful.
We'll get back and make
some ukalliatchiaq soup.
♪
[sighs]
There's my stomach rumbling.
Get the rabbit skin first.
and then start a fire second.
♪
Make sure the whole bunny's
in the picture.
OK.
Down...
between the middle
of the legs.
Cut around the...
ankle area.
Being out here. I feel like
this has given me purpose.
I'll do the front paws.
I definitely feel like
there's a lack of role model
for the Iñupiaq children.
If you start to get
any tension.
just a little bit of a trim.
I want my culture to survive.
And that's it.
And we'll gut.
We'll pull these
guts out here.
Get a fire going.
get it in the pot.
And. uh. yeah.
Get some
ukalliatchiaq soup cooking.
♪
With ashes.
Now I will use this to brush.
All right.
Are you looking at this?
Yeah.
It's better now.
You can make--
you can make signals
to rescue.
Not yet.
Maybe in Christmas.
[lid clangs]
Now what I will do.
I want to try fish something.
♪
I have lot of things to do.
I have my shelter to finish.
But fishing is
the most important thing
in "Alone" season.
Let's get some bait.
Oh. I got all the guts
for fishing.
The one who fish more
is the one
that have more possibilities.
because the fish
will feed the body with more
nutrients than the meat.
I want a big fish.
Yeah. nice throw.
I saw in the other seasons.
people have big animals
and they get thin because
they only eat meat.
Don't get me wrong.
Animal meat is
important to survive.
But protein is not enough.
You need to have fat.
And fish have more fat than
the meat of the animal.
Oh. God bless me
with a big fish.
♪
Nothing.
Yeah.
There's nothing.
I will do a box
to put berries.
waiting for a fish.
♪
The people in Portugal
are strong.
We were made for war.
My strength comes
from when I was young.
It was difficult to breathe.
I damaged my knife.
cutting wire.
I had this inhaler
and I was ashamed
to use it because I feel weak.
People made bullying.
but I start
to play soccer in a team
and develop more discipline.
And I saw that more I train.
more get better.
I want to fight
against everything.
And I'm grateful because
all those things
brought me here
to this moment.
♪
Holy [bleep].
It's the moose.
♪
[tense music]
[Pedrosa] Holy [bleep].
♪
It's the moose.
[breathing heavily]
♪
Can you see the moose?
It's a female.
It's with two childs.
so I cannot hunt them.
But they are awesome.
♪
Wait. wait. wait.
I will try to flank them.
♪
[bleep].
[panting]
I'm terrible.
[sighs]
I don't deserve to be here.
♪
Today I missed my chance.
I feel terrible.
First. because I probably
injured that moose.
And I lost one more arrow.
That moose could fill me
here forever.
And I miss my chance.
♪
I want to sleep...
because I lost
my opportunity.
Sorry.
♪
[Poldi] Jeez.
It's a full-time job and some.
Processing fish.
cooking food.
and--[spits]
keeping a smoker going.
So when do we get
to phone in a friend?
Emotionally. I feel like
I'm on an absolute roll
in terms of successes.
The fishing and the snaring
is so effective. you know.
I'm ticking boxes quicker
than I thought I would.
♪
I've got plenty of food.
I'm going to keep
eating three meals a day
so that I can push
myself physically.
And I built the smoker.
Knowing that I've got
myself some reserves
is really. really reassuring.
'Cause. you know. right now
I literally can't fit
any more fish in my stomach.
There it is. folks.
All right. the smoker.
I've got all of the pike
in there. except one.
Which means I can start
on my permanent shelter.
I had so much fun
with this tepee.
I'm going to make my permanent
shelter a tepee as well.
♪
The weather's getting colder.
the wind's blowing
a little bit harder at night.
And I know it's changing
because it's going into winter.
Timber.
[tree cracking]
But it's happening quicker
than I'm expecting.
And it's my first real
sort of sinking feeling of.
like. I need to get
my permanent shelter up.
[tree cracking]
And I've sort of ridden
the high
of figuring out
my food source.
And now I do need
to get my tepee done.
♪
I'm actually having
a lot of fun.
All righty. folks.
we're going to get
this big old log over there.
Going into the competition
with my body weight.
I told myself that
I need a fire
and my permanent shelter
to keep me warm.
So a fire was always a must.
So my plan is to build a large
tepee as my permanent shelter
just because it's basically
a chimney that you live in.
But if you get it nice
and insulated and air-tight.
then the smoke will just
trickle out the top.
This is a perfect scenario of.
I can put meat
in the store room.
Once I build my shelter
and set up a big drying rack.
I could get close
to 20 pike on here.
and then that would give me.
you know. a huge amount
of food stores
in the competition
later on when things get cold.
And that'll be my way to smoke
fish and then also have a fire.
This is a big task.
but I think it'll be worth it.
Well. [bleep].
now it's time to see
if I can move this big bitch.
[sighs]
Don't blow your backs out.
kids.
[panting]
[grunts]
[exhales]
Well. [bleep]. it's huge.
[panting]
♪ Lunchtime. lunchtime
♪ La. di. da. di
♪ Lunchtime
How about that?
♪
The hardest part is over.
The tri of the pod is erect.
[pensive music]
♪
[Will] I got a lot of
rabbit soup made.
Look at that heart.
aorta and all attached.
if that's what it's called.
Mmm.
Juicy.
A lot juicier than that grouse.
which is awesome.
I am hungry for
frozen pizza though.
Little cheap round kind
that costs. like.
2 bucks.
a little bit
of hot sauce on them.
[whistles]
Good stuff.
Ew.
Testicle. I think.
Eat around it.
Let's get started
on layer number two of sod.
We're going to cut
another piece of sod.
And I've been making these
about 2 feet long
by...
16 inches wide.
The smaller ones are always a
little bit easier to work with.
Another piece of sod material.
The ivrulik is
a sod house and a home
that Iñupiaq people have lived
in for thousands of years.
I'll work with that.
One of the reasons why we're
here today. and I realize that.
is because of the sod house
that helped us survive
long. cold. windy winters.
Perfect.
Looking good.
The general shape
of the sod house is
more of a round shape.
and that really helps
keep the wind off of it
and keeps the wind
from blowing it over.
Looking good.
Building this
traditional ivrulik.
I'm feeling like
I'm walking through
my ancestors' footsteps.
The sod is highly "sod" after.
[chuckles]
I know it's going to be
hard work.
but I know it's worth it.
OK. one wall done.
Now we'll get started
on this side.
♪
Ivruq block number one.
on the side.
♪
Last piece for the walls.
[grunts]
[panting]
Oh.
Yeah.
Got it.
Oh.
Mm.
♪
[Pedrosa blowing]
It's hot.
[blowing]
Oh. I have an idea.
I have this arrow.
And I lost
my broadhead
in the first day.
No. in the second day
when I was
hunting the rabbits.
So this is a pipe.
[blowing]
I can blow it.
Blowing machine.
Awesome.
OK. let's go try
to do something useful.
♪
I feel bad because the moose
run away with my arrow.
I walk through here.
I saw them there.
I prefer to fail that shot and
the animal is in good health
than shot the animal and not
feeding off him
is not correct.
I walk all of this
looking at them.
But maybe I missed.
You can see the log there.
That was the log where
the moose passed.
So...
now I need to find my arrow.
As soon as the snow fall.
it will be difficult
to have big game in the field.
Blue. blue. blue.
blue. blue. blue.
So I need to hunt now.
And to do that. I need arrows.
What?
[laughs]
What the hell?
I found my arrow.
Look. the arrow.
how deep it is.
Look at this.
There is no blood.
This means a lot of things.
First one.
I didn't hurt the young moose.
So he's not injured somewhere.
And there's more opportunity.
One more arrow
means one more shot.
one more opportunity.
♪
It's important when you fail.
you have second opportunities.
That moose had
a second chance.
He can live more.
He can grow.
He will be the biggest male.
I had the second chance
from the bronchitis and asthma.
And maybe now. like the moose.
I will have another
second opportunity.
♪
Wow.
Yeah.
Thank you. God.
Thank you.
Thank you for one more.
I catch another rabbit
in the snare.
Awesome.
Thank you. God.
Thank you.
♪
[tense music]
[Poldi] I'm going
to try my greens.
which will be rabbit gut bag
for breakfast.
You might think that's
a little disgusting.
but I'm sure you put
some things in your body
that are pretty bad.
This is for you. Mom.
Always eat your greens.
All right. folks.
A little bit sour.
a little bit bitter.
Could be mistaken for pesto.
[smacks]
Mmm.
My mom makes the best pesto.
[sighs]
And if everything goes well.
we'll be flying home together
to the glass house
full of basil.
ready to have a delicious...
Pesto pasta.
♪
All righty.
we had our breakfast.
Not too sure what the time is.
but we're going to work
on the permanent shelter.
Small amounts of work a day
is a bit of a tactic.
I don't want to just go
all in it at once.
I'm feeling really.
really good.
I want to have fun here.
And emotionally. I feel like
I'm in a location where I can
actually feel like I'm at home
and I feel like I can
enjoy the process.
Nature's like. always.
like. just this big door
that is wide open.
And you go through that door
and it's just large release
comes flooding over.
It's the purest form
of an antidepressant
or something to.
you know. clear my mind
or. you know.
let some thoughts run.
All right.
Freeze frame photo.
Beautiful.
We'll keep going from here.
Get some crossbeams up.
kinda the walls.
♪
The ultimate freedom
and just the open schedule.
it just seems so right
for my brain.
♪
It's just another step
closer to my goal.
and that is to be
more self-sufficient.
I really feel like so many
friends are so stressed out
from being tied down
and having all these
avoidable and unnecessary
ties and strains.
And I don't want that.
I've got a bunch
more spruces dropped.
Should do
at least another side.
My greatest dream is totally
a small block of land.
a piece of paradise.
that's in the area that's
abundant with a variety of game
that I can keep myself
very entertained.
And. you know. a small house--
♪ All I can think
about is food ♪
Luckily. I've got food.
And not fall into loans
and debts
and the feel
of being tied down.
So winning this money
would allow me
to be able to have that dream.
♪
[sighs]
That's pretty bloody good.
if you ask me.
♪
- That bite.
[winces]
Ooh.
It's itchy.
[sighs]
As I washed my hands
gently this morning.
I noticed that my
knuckles are bruised here.
And it's not from.
you know. hurting myself.
It's actually
because my hand got
so swollen from all the bites
that it actually bruised
my knuckles.
Look at that.
[sighs]
Well. today is a
very important day.
Today is shelter-building day.
and there is no [bleep] around.
Oh. excuse my French.
Let's go make a home.
Bam!
♪
Today I feel good.
The first 72 hours
were difficult.
But it's better
that you release
your emotions to feel better.
We have waterfront
property. guys.
Some people say
it's in the sticks.
♪
[laughs]
Oh.
But this could be
your dream home property.
♪
I remembered I was
on this experience
in this crazy competition
and I was like. wait a minute.
This is awesome.
♪
If I choose to not give myself
pressure and just surrender.
then it's really
just having fun.
♪
So now what I'm going to do
is I'm going to start
lining up the walls.
♪
I'm going to take
full advantage
of this opportunity
to make a shelter
that I've always wanted
to make.
I've always been inspired
by pit house shelters.
Hogan shelters.
and I kind of really want
to lean towards that design.
[breathing heavily]
Think log cabin. but instead
of tall. it's wide and short.
It will still have four walls.
and it'll have
a small dome on top.
♪
I felt very strongly going
into this competition
that I wanted to have a shelter
that had a central fire.
Having a central fire is
going to maximize your warmth.
This shelter gives me
enough space
to be able to stretch
out and relax my body.
and store the things that
I need immediate access to
while still just maximizing
how warm it could get
in the really
extreme temperatures.
Oh. my God!
Cameron?
Oh!
Oh. my God.
Are you all right?
Oh. buddy.
Why didn't you say something?
Oh.
You gotta speak up more.
[bleep].
♪
[tense music]
[Jacks] Oh. my God.
Oh. my God.
Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
I got a hare.
Oh. my God.
Oh. my [bleep] God.
Hey. buddy.
Thank you. Lord.
Thank you. universe.
[exhales]
[sniffles] Thank you.
♪
It's funny.
I have spent more time
in a drive-through
waiting for a meal
than I did getting the hare.
And this is only showing me
that taking the bow
was the right decision.
And now more than ever.
I can say. yeah. I'm a hunter.
♪
Marksmanship is
something that
I've always wanted to be
better at.
Before I was dropped off.
salt was actually
my tenth item.
OK.
Salt's a multi-tool.
Salt is electrolytes.
It's flavoring.
It can heal wounds.
Oh.
♪
There's another kidney.
Yum.
Oh.
So I felt very strongly
about taking salt.
And then I was bringing
a bow as an alt item.
I could have been convinced
to take it.
And during orientation camp.
I was.
Oh.
♪
The taste of success.
Phew.
And I am glad because
that bow got me food.
Liver's my favorite.
Saving the best for last.
I think that there's
a power in it.
and not just marksmanship.
in being a hunter.
a person who can provide.
a person who can
come out on top.
♪
Look at my new additions
to our home.
Yeah. it's just the one hare.
but it's a sign that
I might be OK.
It's a sign that I might
be here for the long haul.
It's a sign that
I'm good enough to do this.
Getting this hare was
a really good sign.
To be continued.
♪
- Here we go.
Had a pretty vivid dream
last night.
I was here. but I had my phone
and. um.
I got a text from my wife
and she said.
"I feel lost.
I feel hopeless."
That was the word.
♪
And then I woke up.
Her aapa. her dad.
maybe yesterday was
his last day. um.
here on Earth.
And that could have been
the world's way of telling me.
♪
Her aapa pretty much taught me
a lot in my adult life
about the Iñupiaq lifestyle.
the old Iñupiaq ways.
Yeah. he means a lot to me.
He's more of a father
than I've ever had.
He's been the biggest--
biggest role model
my entire life. I would say.
And. um.
someone I'm going to
be thinking about.
I hope that's not the case.
But if that happened. then
that's not good.
So yeah. first thing I'm going
to do is finish the ivrulik.
I have the roof to do.
And then. uh. I can move in.
♪
My father-in-law.
his name is Elmer.
His Iñupiaq name
is [speaking Iñupiaq].
[grunts]
There's one.
What I really love
about my father-in-law.
he's just a really
genuine Iñupiaq man
who grew up
with Iñupiaq culture.
old Iñupiaq traditions
that not a lot
of people know about.
Now
we can position it
into place.
He's taught me more
than my father ever had.
And. uh. he's my father.
he's my aapa.
I call him aapa. too.
Perfect.
I instantly had
a connection with him.
and he took me in as a son.
He was immediately
teaching me how to
live the old Iñupiaq way.
♪
And just thinking about him
and realizing.
you know.
he's lived a long life.
a long. beautiful life.
He's--he's in his mid-80s.
He's not going
to live forever.
And. um. we all realize that.
And we all realize that
every moment with him
is precious. it is special.
Beautiful.
OK.
We're going to get moved in
to this ivrulik.
♪
We'll start hauling
sleeping poles.
Moving out.
I'm most afraid of never
seeing my family again.
I know that there are
dangers on this land.
and that I may never return
home to my children again.
But I've accepted that.
I realized that
for thousands of years.
Iñupiaq hunters would go out
in order to harvest food
for their families
and their communities.
and they might not
ever make it back.
There we go.
They might not know
if that was going
to be the last time that
they saw their loved ones.
This is the once-in-a-lifetime
opportunity
to represent my culture.
and I'm willing to die
to show the world
who we are and who we've been.
Hmm.
Beautiful in here.
I just feel so at peace.
[tense music]
♪
[Ziga] OK. guys.
let's build a bridge.
♪
Here is the place.
Nice.
Let's see what's underwater.
It's interesting to see.
I hope I don't fall in water.
OK. that's enough
of aquatic biology.
♪
My idea is to set
all the wire I have.
as many snares as possible.
♪
When I put ten snares
and check the next morning.
there were two hares there.
And then next time
I put even more and more.
So 45 is the number now.
When I was young.
I kind of listed down
what I would like
to do in life.
and I wanted to be
an expert in one area.
There were two big passions
for me. and one was.
of course. bushcraft.
and another one was
underwater life.
And only one looked likely
to get me a job.
And so I became
a fish biologist.
♪
The best thing about my job
is the research.
OK. funny tree formation.
I'm very analytical
about stuff in general.
But now.
having this time out here.
I can reanalyze where I was
successful and where not.
And I have realized that
it's much more important
to understand why something is
working in this way.
or should be done in this way.
Once you understand things.
it's also much easier
to give slight improvements
or adaptations
according to the situation.
OK.
Now let's go berry picking.
♪
Oh.
The reason why I'm
doing this competition is
not only my personal challenge.
but I'm doing it as
a researcher. as a scientist.
This series created
a lot of knowledge.
I would like to contribute
to this knowledge.
From academic perspective.
you really see what happens
to your body.
These are really
extreme conditions
that there is no other way
that people
would go in these situations
and to monitor this.
And you can really have
a proper scientific approach.
This would be really
valuable information.
not only for bushcraft.
but also for medicine
or maybe even
for space exploration.
pushing the limits
of what human body can stand.
It's really valuable. the data
that actually exists here.
[sighs]
A bit of berries. a bit of sun.
And...
you can feel so much better.
[makes moose call]
OK. regarding the position.
there's my shelter.
This is. unfortunately.
kind of peninsula.
So lake goes
all the way around.
So it's a bit unlikely that
moose--unless. I mean.
there is kind of separation
between two lakes.
So it might swim over.
but I think
this wouldn't happen.
But the good point is.
here. it's like
this 2-meter channel.
And if the moose would
pass here.
which I think it's quite likely
because it's really easy
to pass.
I might hear splashes in water.
So yeah.
♪
That's basically it.
I won't do so much
active hunting.
I will always carry
a bow with me
when I go do berry picking.
But beside this.
I'm all set for everything.
♪
[pensive music]
[Will] Good morning.
I slept in my shelter
last night.
Slept just amazing.
I mean.
how cool is that
to be able to sleep in a home
that just thousands
and thousands of Iñupiaq
before you have lived in
and survived in.
So that's such a cool feeling.
We'll get started
on the morning.
♪
I knew this would be
the plan--
get a permanent shelter built
and rest for a few days.
more or less.
Beautiful quiet morning.
Got the gill net in yesterday.
Checked it last night.
Didn't get any fish in it.
I'm going to go check it
here this morning.
Fishing will be more important
than small game will be.
And I know that.
I haven't heard
of any tribe surviving
off of rabbit
and small game alone.
So I know that's not
a great long-term solution
to my food-gathering strategy.
Oh. yeah.
Whoo-hoo.
Whoo.
Let's go.
♪
Not too big of one.
but we'll take it.
♪
Yeah. the first fish.
Nice size siulik.
♪
Net reset.
There.
♪
That's a lot of meat. man.
A lot of meat.
That's a lot of fish.
a lot of change of diet.
I've been eating
nothing but rabbit.
Been eating nothing
but ukalliatchiaq.
Ukalliatchiaq eyes.
ukalliatchiaq brain.
ukalliatchiaq heart.
ukalliatchiaq meat.
and ukalliatch broth.
So now I finally have
some fish.
♪
I'm really excited
to get pike.
I see it as another
confidence booster.
and I realize that I might be
getting several fish every day.
Can you imagine if I tapped out
because I was choking
on a bone?
That'd be crazy.
This is going to allow me
to put food away
for freeze-up.
I do feel like there is
a little bit of weight
on my shoulders
to make it to the very end
of this competition and to win
this for the Iñupiaq people.
And I feel like
with the gill net.
something that provides
food for us today
and has
for thousands of years.
I'm able to do that.
to be able to be
the last one standing
out of ten people.
Could be cooked a little more.
but...
who's complaining out here.
right?
It's food.
♪
- Oh. it's quite heavy.
This is my gill net.
Ladies and gentlemen.
welcome to championship
of berry picking.
So we have two champions here.
One is dirty hand.
And the second champion
recently made is berry-picker.
OK.
And three. two. one. go.
Hop. hop. hop.
set this. and go.
Picking. picking. picking.
Don't give up.
Never give up.
Keep on picking.
keep on picking.
Keep on picking and over!
OK.
Let's check what's the outcome.
So the result is
hand. 59.
and 41 for berry-picker.
Oh. too bad.
Anyway. it was
a fun project to do.
♪
Guys.
there is a duck.
♪
OK.
[squirrel chirping]
♪
OK. guys. bow really paid off.
I didn't think it will serve
me this well. but squirrel
and we go also
for this duck that is dead.
♪
I'm very surprised to be
so successful with bow.
It's a small duck.
but I'm very thankful for it
because it's fatty
and nice proteins.
Whatever I can harvest.
it's more than welcome.
Oh.
My brother. he's the person
without whom I would
never be in the place
I am now.
We started as kids sharing
this passion for outdoor life.
In our very young age.
we started doing
these survival challenges
each year.
Guys. this is a successful day.
and I didn't check
the snares yet.
Each year we went
for bigger challenges--
survival without food.
having less gear.
going in tougher environment.
doing it for a longer time.
And what I learned from this is
that nature has its own rules.
and you cannot complain
about them
because they are as they are.
So I will just take it
as it is.
♪
[dramatic music]
[tense music]
[snorts]
Crazy [bleep].
Nice one. guys.
It's a really good day.
So one duck.
one squirrel. one hare.
And I didn't check all the
snares yet. maybe half of them.
Very good.
Very good day.
♪
Today this land provides me
with a lot of game.
With this respect
and connection with nature
that I'm building.
I'm really confident that
I will stay on this land
for quite a while.
You must be [bleep] kidding me.
But seeing all
other participants
and seeing how many among them
are super good hunters
is definitely a huge
advantage over me.
♪
[Will] I feel like
I have that duty
to represent the Iñupiaq
people because I have
a strong Iñupiaq skill set.
I want to feel like
I made them proud.
I want to succeed.
I want to win.
[laughs]
[Ziga] I expect that
multiple people might
shoot something big.
which will result
in a really long season.
- Well. I did it again.
♪
I'm just feeling
really blessed.
♪
This is just unreal.
[Ziga] Although I don't have
much experience in hunting.
I think that I will last quite
long relying on my knowledge.
but at the same time also
learn a lot from nature.
OK. here is another squirrel.
♪
[Poldi] Wow.
I think with my youth
I do have an advantage
of not actually knowing
a certain amount of things.
[laughs]
Sweet as keehoo.
You just have to be in it
to win it
and there is a chance
I could win.
And I'm happy to run
on that chance.
[Ziga] I think that's
very important.
being able to learn
and to adapt to situations.
[whispering]
I catch another rabbit.
Thank you. God.
for another rabbit.
Thank you.
You are blessing me
more than I deserve.
There are simple some rules
that you cannot change.
Better adapt yourself.
And if you can do it.
you can succeed.
♪
OK.
It's a really good day
for shooting.
I don't know how. but
I'm just doing it right.
So we have four squirrels today
and a duck
and a hare.
Pretty crazy.
Really thankful for this.
I'm on a very good way
for winning.
[dramatic music]
♪
I catch a rabbit in the snare.
Something took it first.
This is bad sign for me.
I call this the dead walk.
The way to starvation.
- It's really good to see
some game hanging up.
I feel like
I'm back in the game.
I just need to keep
the pressure on.
- Birds are moving.
That's a [bleep] load of geese.
Winter is [bleep] coming.